---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

#### My last blog  

This is a bittersweet blog post. It is my last one and I will use it to reflect on my journey since the first day of class. In my very first blog, I mentioned that I chose to take this class because I thought that the open source community is very cooperative and helpful. After 4 months, this thought has not changed. In fact, I stand by it now more than ever. For the semester, I decided to focus on trying to contribute to [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/). During my contributions, the maintainers were incredibly helpful and supportive. Each thank you I received felt warm, even if it was a virtual thank you.  

In one of my earlier blogs, I also mentioned how I was interested in trying to contribute to either Python, Node or freeCodeCamp. As mentioned above, I chose [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/). If I were to decide all over again I think 90% of me would choose freeCodeCamp. In addition to having a special bond with freeCodeCamp due to me using it in the past, I really love freeCodeCamp mission. That is, to help curious people learn how to code.  
On the other hand, the 10% comes from the lack of coding issues for "first timers". I really wish freeCodeCamp had more first timers coding issues I could tackle. I was a little disappointed as to how little issues of this type I saw. I think for the whole semester, I only saw one.   

These are the 3 contributions I made to freeCodeCamp:

1. [Edited the description of a challenge regarding arrays and indexes on freeCodeCamp so that it was more technically correct.](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/37730)
2.  [Edited the explanation for the logical OR operator in JS. To me, the previous version was very confusing.](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/37772)
3. [Corrected a typo in the Spanish version of the contributing file.](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/37345)

I am happy with the contributions I made. Although, as mentioned in my second blog, I was hoping to at least do 1 coding contribution to it. Unfortunately, it didn't pan out this time.  
I loved the feeling of contributing. I am most likely going to try and contribute further to freeCodeCamp and also look into more open source software where I can contribute to.   

Taking this class was extremely useful and interesting. I am very glad I took it. We touch on plenty of topics such as licenses, git, Linux, open source history, business in open source software etc.  
Another big reason why I signed up for this class is because of two recommendations from my friends last semester. I was told it was going to be very hands-on and interesting. My expectations were certainly met.  

#### In-class summary:  

This past week I presented my contributions to the whole class, talked about freeCodeCamp and my experience in contributing to it. I was happy to share my contributions and also spread out the word on what freeCodeCamp is. In addition, I was able to hear a lot of my classmates share their own experiences in contributing to an open source software and for the most part, it seemed like everyone had a great journey.  

