---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

#### Weekly Readings & Project Progress  

1. The article named ["How open government is helping with hurricane relief"](https://opensource.com/article/17/10/open-government-hurricane-relief) was a lovely read. The article highlights the useful usage of open source information during catastrophic events. For example, when hurricane Maria hit the U.S. Caribbean territories, a lot of open source tools were used in order to update agencies and or people about the roads, electricity, people and injuries etc.  
I'm very happy to know that open source data and the idea of open source is a very powerful concept. In my last blog, I mentioned how I think open source would be great for a voting system. Yet again, I have found this article that highlights another great usage for open source.  

2. The read on ["Musings on business models for open source software"](https://spot.livejournal.com/327801.html) was very interesting, but also a little confusing. Despite constantly hearing about different types of business models for open source software, it still leaves me a little bewildered. The article mentions the general definition of a few models, but I am sure it gets way more complicated, specifically with legal stuff, contracts etc. Maybe the thought of the complicaated stuff is what's confusing me. Nevetheless, refresing my modest but solid knowledge on how business models are applied for open source software is always appreciated.  

3. ["8 advantages of using open source in the enterprise"](https://enterprisersproject.com/article/2015/1/top-advantages-open-source-offers-over-proprietary-solutions) emphasizes 8 really good points about using open source in the enterprise.  
It's a little hard to fully agree when I personally haven't had any "enterprise" experience with open source. However, all of the bullet points sound powerful and very persusive. From my point of view, I think the only drawback I can think of is that having the full code out there can also provide malicious hackers a way to study the code and maybe exploit it in negative ways. While it may sound silly, theres always a possibility no matter how small it is.  

**_Would you want to work in a company that only produced open source software? Why or why not? What would your dream job be? How would you like to see the business of software production in ten years?_**  

I do not think I'd want to work in a company that _only_ produced open source software. I would love to work for a company that works/produces both, open source software and their own proprietary software. It may sound odd, but personally, developing/maintaining proprietary software sounds exclusive and it makes me feel somewhat special to be able to have the access to it.  
My dream job would be to be in a company that has both of the things I just mentioned. And if possible, I'd want to have the ability to take a break from the proprietary software, hop on some open source action and hopefully contribute to it.  
In a perfect world, I think that companies having proprietary software is totally fine just like it is if they have open source software. However, now a days, there is so much dispute/controversy regarding software, the data that companies gets from users, how companies use the data etc. I eventually think that all software or most of it will become open source. It will either be a voluntarly move or probably because of legal reasons. I don't see this happening in 10 years or less but definetely within 25 years.  

#### Project Progress  

This week my [PR](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/37345) regarding a typo in the [spanish contribution file](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/docs/i18n-languages/spanish/CONTRIBUTING.md) for [freeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/) was finally merged into master!  
The wait was a little longer than expected but it is always a great feeling to contribute.  
Moreover, I've been keeping an eye out for first timers coding issues but it has been a little hard to see them. Last month I think I only saw one issue like that and someone fixed it and made a PR within 24 hours.  
I am trying to keep an eye constantly but sometimes it's a little hard due to time constraints.  
While I keep an eye on those, I continue to check for more typos and or clarifications but I haven't had much luck there either.  
I think this is normal. There will always be good days ans bad days. When it is a bad day, we just have to let it pass and keep looking forward into the upcoming days.  

