---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

#### In-class summary:

In class, we finished reviewing the history of Open Source and then we went over the principles of the open source way. Furthermore, we discussed examples of "Open Source" beyond software such as Wikipedia, open hardware, open data, open street map, open government etc.

#### Assignment:

**_Read this [article](https://www.techrepublic.com/blog/10-things/10-things-you-should-know-about-open-source-before-you-use-it/) and write about what you have learned so far with respect to the statements in the article._**

The article lists very interesting aspects of Open Source that I certaintly was not aware of. For example, as noted in the website, open source is not always free. I was under the impression that it was always free. While it took me by surprise, I was very glad to learn that some companies may have a "community" version of their product, which include price tags for specific versions.

In addition, one of the statements in the article emphasizes how people are probably already using Open Source software without knowing. I can certianly agree with this statement because I was one of those people. Before this course, and despite using these tools, I had no idea about Firefox and Python being Open Source. I'm sure there are others who are like I was and I will do my best to share what I've learn about Open Source with them.

These are the two major statements that took me by surprise. I was fairly certain about the rest but nevertheless I was happy to confirm my basic but fundamental knowledge about Open Source.
