---
layout: post
title: Week 06
---

#### In-class summary:

This week in class we had our first guess speaker. Her name is Karen Sandler and she is the executive director of the Software Freedom Conservancy (SFC).  
From the [SFC website:](https://sfconservancy.org/)  
_The Software Freedom Conservancy is a not-for-profit charity that helps promote, improve, develop, and defend Free, Libre, and Open Source Software (FLOSS) projects._

I really enjoyed learning more about licenses and I thought that her talk was very captivating, interesting and informative. It also made me even more curious about how the legal side of open source software works.  
One of the fun facts that blew my mind was that as per a study she once read, it takes approximately 3 months for a person to fully read and understand the terms and conditions people (including me) often agree to.

#### Assignment:

**_Write about which projects you looked at, why you rejected them, which are still possible, and which look good to you_**

I looked at two projects that I really want to try and contribute to during the semester. These are: FreeCodeCamp and Node.js

I read the project evaluation document and these two projects have everything necessary to continue moving forward with them. They both have the contributing file, readme, code of conduct. In addition, they are both very active. For FreeCodeCamp, the last issue submitted was a couple of hours ago and so was the last PR. For Node, an issue submitted was a little over 24 hours but a PR was submitted just an hour ago.

Furthermore, I tried to find the maintainers of both projects. I found two people (1 for each project) that are very active on the comments under pull requests and issues. They both seem very frendly and from what I read, they gave a lot of constructive critisism to the users doing the PR's.  
These two projects were in my mind from the very beggining of the class so I went straight into the repo and looked out for every aspect mentioned in the project guidelines provided by the professor. I was happy to see that both of these projects satisfy those guidelines.
