---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

#### Kevin Fleming, Weekly Readings & Project Progress

##### Kevin Fleming

The visit by Kevin Fleming was great. I was very surprised as to how much a company as big as Bloomberg contributes to open source and uses open source software. I was happy to hear about it.  
A big lesson I took away was that some companies (such as Bloomberg) have teams completely focused on helping produce and support its open source software and or other open source software that Bloomberg happens to use often.  
I did not think a company would have its engineers completely work on open source software. This fact displays how important open source software is to Bloomberg and how much they are willing to give back.
To me, it certainly felt like Bloomberg LP's involvement is way different than how Bill Reyner from FactSet described its involvement with open source.  
From both talks, I got the sense that Bloomberg are much more involved in open source and are much more open about it. While factset does use open source project, it doesn't seem to be as important to maintain it the way Bloomberg maintains its open source software.

##### System76 introduces laptops with open source BIOS coreboot

The article titled ["System76 introduces laptops with open source BIOS coreboot"](https://opensource.com/article/19/11/coreboot-system76-laptops?utm_campaign=intrel), was super interesting. First of all, I am sure that having two laptops in the market with open source BIOS coreboot is an incredibly milestone for the open source community. I noticed the article is very recent and I couldn't be more excited for the community.  
I personally think this is a huge step. Just like the article states _"Traditional firmware is closed source and impossible to review and inspect."_. I think being able to see how firmware was implemented is very important because we can really dig in and check out if our firmware is not full of unnecessary stuff such as Joshua Woolery, marketing director at System76, emphasizes throughout the article.

##### freeCodeCamp  

This week I definitely made more progress in trying to contribute into freeCodeCamp. I created my own [issue](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/issues/37729) suggesting more clarity in a description for one of their challenges. Within a couple of minutes, I solved the issue and made a [PR](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/37730) referencing the issue.  
A maintainer saw my PR and suggested an even better way to clarify the description. Within an hour, I updated the commit to how he suggested it and let him know. The maintainer then replied letting me know that everything looks good!  
So as of today 11/10/2019 I am waiting on my PR to me merged.  
Update: My PR has been approved and [merged](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/37730)!
