---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

#### Makers and Takers & Wikipedia Exploration

##### Thoughts on "Makers and Takers" by Dries Buytaert

The [article](https://dri.es/balancing-makers-and-takers-to-scale-and-sustain-open-source) by Dries Buytaert about Balancing Makers and Takers to scale and sustain Open Source was a very interesting read.  
He mentioned three models for scaling and sustaining Open Source projects: self-governance, privatization, and centralization. After reading the article and thinking about it, I came to the conclusion that I only agree with two of these models.

**Model 1: Self-governance in Open Source:**  
As stated in the article, for small, up and coming open source communities self-governance is very common. _"It's easy for its members to communicate, learn who they can trust, share norms, agree on how to collaborate, etc._" But "_as an Open Source project grows, contribution becomes more complex and cooperation more difficult._" In addition, the author uses an example of how this model would work. He states that two companies would negotiate rules, rewards and set up contracts where they both agree on how much each company can earn and how much a company must invest. There would also be a lot of discussions about how both companies can cooperate and he emphasized how important it is for both companies to agree to a strategy before they can move forward.

**Model 2: Privatization of Open Source governance:**  
To put it simply, _"in this model, Makers are rewarded unique benefits not available to Takers. These exclusive rights provide Makers a commercial advantage over Takers, while simultaneously creating a positive social benefit for all the users of the Open Source project, Takers included."_ At the beginning of the article, he talked a little about takers. Takers can be defined as not contributing back meaningfully to the Open Source project that they take from, "_they can focus disproportionately on their own commercial growth._" I want to point out that the term "Takers" has a negative connotation. However, it does not mean they intend to do evil. I like this model a lot because as highlighted, makers are rewarded unique benefits not available to Takers.

**Model 3: Centralization of Open Source governance.**  
I do not agree with this model. This model basically adds Government authority that monitors Open Source companies say, A and B. The authority will reward or penalize accordingly based on contributions or lack of contributions.  
I personally think the Government addition would not be a great idea because the Government wouldn't be as knowledgeable about how Open Source functions from within. I simply don't think there's someone better to enforce authority into open source software than the people who actually contribute and deal with this software on a daily basis. (I think this perspective of mine focuses a lot on self-governance).

##### Wikipedia Exploration

Wikipedia exploration was very insightful. They have a lot of subpages with a ton of information in each. All of the pages focus a lot on rules, guidelines, discussions etc. From my research, I noticed that each page tackles an important topic about contributing to Wikipedia.  
For the most part, everything is very straight forward.  
While having a lot of information about how to contribute is good, it can also feel as a drawback in the sense that it's possible to miss a rule or something similar simply because I missed to read another guideline subpage.

#### Project Progress

As mentioned in my previous blog, I am waiting on approval from a second person regarding a typo I fixed. Since I haven't heard back, I decided to [comment](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/37345) on my PR asking if there's a reason my PR has been open for a while now. I hope I used the right tone in the comment as I don't want to seem like they owe me something. I am hoping to hear back soon. I want to at least get a typo contribution merge before I start looking at coding issues because I really want a merge/contribution to my name.  
For the rest of the week, I will be reviewing more files and trying to find any more typos.

#### In-class summary:

This week in class I talked to the teacher and the whole class about my progress regarding freeCodeCamp. While my progress speech was not super exciting, I was happy to share that I'm certainly trying.  
I was told by the teacher to leave a comment under the PR I made, which is what I did.
Moreover, I was happy to hear from some classmates about the progress they are making with their open source project.
