---
layout: post
title: Week 08
---

#### In-class summary:

This week in class we spent time looking at a project that we are going to try and contribute to throughout the semester. I personally decided to choose freeCodeCamp. I chose this project because it is super active, it has issues for beginners and in addition, I'm familiar with their services because I've used this website in the past.

#### Assignment:

**_Chronicle your activities related to the project on which you are going to work. What did you do to install the development environment? What issues are you considering? How are you filtering them? What are you reading? In general, write about the work you are doing on your project._**

In order to install the development environment, I had to install node package manager (npm) and also a process manager for Node.js. Luckily they have a whole [document](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/docs/devops.md) explaining how to build and deploy the codebase as well as how to setup env and keys, install dependencies, and make first build.  
For now, I am mostly considering typos or very tiny contributions such as documentation/spelling. I noticed they have a folder with all the instructions in other languages so I will try to contribute to the documentation in Spanish since I am fluent in Spanish.
I actually have a pull request I made to the contribution document in Spanish. I am really hoping it will get approved soon.  
Once I make some sort of spelling contribution and actually get it merged, I'm planning to start tackling the issues that have the "beginner"/"first timers welcome" label.  
I've also been reading all the important documents such as code of conduct, contributions, and frequently asked questions. I want to make sure I know how they want things to be done.

**_Write about the visit by Bill Reyner._**

The visit and talk by Bill Reyner was extremely interesting. It was awesome to hear a little insight about Open Source in a corporate setting. What called my attention a lot was when he mentioned what they do to some of their projects. He mentioned how sometimes when a project is not working out within the company, they would make this project open source, mostly due in consideration of users who still believe in that specific project and are willing to maintain it and contribute to it. I personally thought this gesture was kind and thoughtful. I don't know why but I feel like a big corporation would just get rid of the project so this fun fact was pleasant to hear.
