---
layout: post
title: Week 09
---

#### In-class summary:

This week in class we went over a git workflow presentation and an activity. I personally thought the lectures from this week were very helpful. However, a little confusing but for the most part I was following.  
I love these types of lectures where the class first goes over concepts and then practice those concepts by doing an activity. I wish more classes were like this.

#### Assignment:

**_Summarize your impressions about the Eric Raymond's The Cathedral and the Bazaar. In particular, what are the three concepts from that book that most impressed you?_**

The Cathedral and the Bazaar was a great read. I love the fact that right in the first page, he mentions how well the bazaar development method works and how it took him by surprise. Back then, I can't even imagine how mad Linus Torvalds seemed by doing this style of development.  
Some of the lessons that most impressed me and left a mark were:

_Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch._

Plenty of times I've tried to implement something to make my life a little easier. Often, it ends up not working or ends up half way done mostly because I get a little busy. The lesson still stands, though.
I've also seen this happen with friends. Many of my friends try to implement something to make their life easier. This lesson definitely hits home.

_Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse)._

Whenever I have to write code and use some sort of structure I've used in this past, I often go back to it and see the way I did it and either get more ideas from it or come up with new ideas to make the new one better using stuff from the old one. Often, looking and reusing the old ones is super helpful.

_If you have the right attitude, interesting problems will find you._

I love this lesson from the book. The way I interpret this one is that a right attitude means pushing myself to learn more, practice more, and struggle more. I love Computer Science and having this attitude makes me go through problems that 95% of the time will be interesting to me -- interesting because I love this field. Desire for more knowledge means finding more problems, which means more problem solving!

**_Describe the project you chose to work on, why you have decided to work on it, and write about the progress you are making in selecting an issue that you want to fix in this project._**

The project I chose to work on is freeCodeCamp. freeCodeCamp is a nonprofit community that helps people learn to code by building projects. I'm very excited to work on it because I've used freeCodeCamp in the past and it has helped me learn new technologies. I'd love to contribute to it as a way of paying them back in even if it is in a tiny way.
I've been keeping an eye on issues, particularly the ones labeled "first timers". However, I first wanted to find any typos and try to fix them if any. Luckily, I found one typo in the Spanish version of the contribution file and I made a PR by following the instructions they have regarding contributing.
I've been approved of my changes by one person but it looks like I need another person to approve them. I am really hoping I'm able to merge this PR soon.
