---
layout: post
title: Week 04
---

#### In-class summary:

This week in class we went over a git activity prepared by the Professor. I had a great time revieweing my git knowledge and I thought it was really fun to collaborate with classmates (not necesarrily people you know) using git. The activity felt like a simulation of Open Source development since when collaborating in open source, you dont actually know most of the open source devlopers.

#### Assignment:

**_1. Comment on your experience with the Git activity that you did in class today. Was it useful? Was it confusing? Did you have time to finish? Did you have merge conflicts? Were you able to resolve them?_**

The git activity I did on class was a very useful and fun activity to review and practice git. While I'm already somewhat familiar with Git, I thought the activity was well prepared and I was glad I got to review my git fundamentals. I personally did not find the activity confusing and I was glad the Professor went over important terminology before diving into the on-hands experience.

While doing the activity, I believe I had one merge conflict on the file where the whole group had to write their name. But a second after, I git pulled the file to update my local file and then push it back again. Fortunately, it was an easy conflict to sesolve.

**_2. Read the following articles:_**

- [A Beginner‘s Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/a-beginners-very-bumpy-journey-through-the-world-of-open-source-4d108d540b39/)
- [7 Things That Make a Great Open Source Contribution](https://blog.newrelic.com/engineering/open-source-contribution/)
- [How to Contribute to Open Source (from GitHub Guides)](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/)

**_What are your reactions to the above on-line readings. Pick one or two that made an impression on you and articulate your thoughts about them._**

Reading these articles gave me a very warm feeling about the Open Source community. For the most part, it looks like a lot of people are incredibly helpful and open to questions. On the other hand, us, the collabortaors must also put effort into maintaining a respecful, and thoughful relationship with the code base and its admins. The open source community certainly feels like a great field full of repect, teamwork and heavily focused on improvement.

The article called a "A Beginner‘s Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source" was impactful to me. The other day I was trying to understand the Linux code base and also took a look at the Python one. I was very much intimadated and after spending a little over an hour on the code base for Linux, I was still confused about it and didn't understand anything at all. I felt completely defeated and dumb for a while. This article emphasizes how it is totally okay and normal to not understand how things are working on the first try. In addition, the author states how it's okay to not know everything. This meant a lot to me because sometimes, a statement like this is an amazing reminder and definetely gives me piece of mind.
