---
layout: post
title: Week 07
---

#### In-class summary:

This week in class we had to evaluate an open source project!  
I chose a project out of the list of projects the professor [listed](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-fall-2019/project-evaluation-activity-01/blob/fall19/README.md) for us to evaluate using the evaluation steps he wrote. The list had a project in Python and I decided to choose it because I like Python a lot. I ended up teaming up with a close friend and the activity was somewhat fun. The project turned out to be written in C so this made me feel a little sad. In addition, the project was very inactive. The activity in class was informative, but at the end, I personally did not find it as fun.

#### Assignment:

**_Pick another project and complete the evaluation of that project._**

For this evaluation, I chose an open source project called "folly". folly is an open-source C++ library developed and used at Facebook.  
From the [github repo](https://github.com/facebook/folly):  
[_Folly (acronymed loosely after Facebook Open Source Library) is a library of C++14 components designed with practicality and efficiency in mind_](https://github.com/facebook/folly/blob/master/README.md).

The project evaluation I did was not hard. I think github is easier to use when it comes to project evaluation compared to gitlab, which I used for my last project evaluation.  
It was a little hard to follow and understand the code but the name variables and some comments made it a little less difficult for me. I still wish they will put more comments.  
I am personally not that interested in this project. I am not sure why but it did not call my attention as much. I chose it because I like C++ but the project itself does not seem too interesting to me.  
The hardest part was figuring out how many maintainers the project have. I saw a lot of people commenting in some issues/pull request and 3 users seemed very active and clarifying concepts etc.  
In summary, this project is active and most people maintaining and contributing to it seem very friendly.
