---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Blog Week 2 (ending 09/11):

#### In-class summary:

This week in class we went down history road and learned about the History of Open Source. Additionally, we looked at a website for tips on how to contribute to Open Source projects.

#### Assignment:

_*What types of contributions do you think are suitable choices for you to make as your first contributions to an open source project?*_

As my first contributions, I believe a type of contribution less focused on code would be a lot better to get my feet wet, specially at the beginning of my open source journey. I definitely think that I need to get more familiar with the source code before I make any code contributions. In addition, I think it would be a lot easier to contribute to documentation and be approved rather than actual code.

_*What types of projects interest you and how do you see your relationship to them?*_

Some of the projects that interest me a lot are programming languages (e.g., Python), frameworks such as React.js and Node.js, browsers such as Firefox, text editors such as Atom and organizations to help people learn how to code such as freeCodeCamp.

I have a special relationship with these types of projects and specifically those that I mentioned because throughout my carrer I've used each one of those softwares or languages intensively. I love what I'm learning, the sources I get to use while learning and would love to contribute to them as a way of paying them back even if its in a small way.
